Revised encryption rules (#97)
reef-technologies/handbook: README.md

UPDATE: A fully encrypted laptop of our senior developer has been stolen from his bag while he was on a train, returning from a conference in late 2017. Spooky.

### Storage Encryption and Secure Work Environment

All data pertaining to the company and its clients must be either stored in the cloud (specifically, Google Drive/Docs/Sheets within the company domain) or on encrypted media (an encrypted volume or drive).
This excludes data categorized as being of no value or already publicly available.

> In addition, Developers roles (after 1nd stage of Trial period i.e. finishing Trial task#3) are required to set up a Secure Work Environment on their workstations.

Author: right now our guide mentions word Developer more often than Engineer;
do you think it will be more clear If I change it to 

this affects following roles:
Staff Python Backend Engineer.
Senior Python Backend Engineer

but I guess just saying Engineers' roles will be even more confusing,
so I will change "Developers roles" to just "developers"
```suggestion
In addition, developers (after 2nd stage of Trial period i.e. that are about to start working on our clients' code base) are required to set up a Secure Work Environment on their workstations.
```

This is both for additional security and improved focus.

Setting up Storage Encryption might initially appear daunting, but rest assured that it is fairly straightforward process.
Our top recommendation is Full Disk Encryption (FDE), a method that encrypts the entire disk for comprehensive protection.
Our second recommendation is Volume Encryption, a method that encrypts only the volume (/folder) where sensitive data is stored.
Due to its ease of use, we recommend VeraCrypt by default, for which a simple tutorial can be found [here](https://github.com/reef-technologies/handbook/blob/master/docs/VeraCrypt.md).
If you want to learn more about available options, please refer to the [Storage Encryption](docs/Storage_Encryption.md) document.

> If you plan to connect your mobile device to any work-related accounts, first make sure that you will be able to provide a documentation that your device is encrypted and is actively supported (i.e. receives regular security updates).

Author: we don't need it, since here we are putting that responsibility on the user; we are already doing that with their main OS. Phones are not any different in that regard.

How can one do that - like you say "it depends", but the easiest sanity check is - check the "Android security update" date. If its not from last 3months you are in trouble, as AFAIK Android releases them every month.

And then it is user responsibility to search for their phone exact configuration.
For me, it is Pixel, so my documentation would basically be: https://support.google.com/pixelphone/answer/4457705?hl=en#zippy=%2Cpixel-later-including-fold which assures me I will get security updates for next few years.

> Most modern Apple and Android devices support encryption, but older devices or ones without configured passcode might not.

Author: that is false

There is number of way android apps are isolated (they use different linux UIDs, app perms, Android Runtime also has a layer dedicated to that, SElinux AFAIK is also there, and beyond Android 10 you have also scoped storage even for shared storage (each app also has its own storage that cannot be touched by other apps)).

I guess most importantly for us:
https://source.android.com/docs/security/features/encryption/file-based
> All devices launching with Android 10 and higher are required to use file-based encryption.

I will change my note to "Android 10+ devices".

So to sum it up:

- Software Developers during their 1st stage of Trial period are not required to set up Storage Encryption nor Secure Work Environment.
- Software Developers **after** completing 1st stage of Trial period are required to set up a Secure Work Environment on their workstations.

> - All other roles (e.g. Virtual Assistants) are required to use Storage Encryption (go to [Storage Encryption](docs/Storage_Encryption.md) for more details).

Reviewer: ok this is super confusing to me. Can we make a section named Storage Encryption, another called Secure Work Environment and above it say who what applies to?

Also, do we want developers in 2nd stage of trial period to set anything up? I don't think we need that, do we?

Author: I have changed the stage requirement and added links to these sections
